Add roadmap to kueue (#438)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: README.md

- [bit.ly/kueue-controller-design](https://bit.ly/kueue-controller-design)
presents the detailed design of the controller.

> ## Roadmap

Reviewer: In general, add links to issues if they exist.

Author: Done.

- [bit.ly/kueue-controller-design](https://bit.ly/kueue-controller-design)
presents the detailed design of the controller.

## Roadmap

> This is a high-level overview of the main priorities for 2023, in expected order of release:

Reviewer: Maybe for a separate PR, but we should have a summary of existing features (a more extended version of what's mentioned in line 16).

Author: This worths a separate PR. Maybe together with v0.3.0.

Reviewer: Yes :)

> - Job preemption to reclaim borrowed quota and to accommodate high priority jobs [#83](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/issues/83)

Author: Added the plan

> - Job preemption to reclaim borrowed quota and to accommodate high priority jobs [#83](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/issues/83), this is planned for v0.3

Reviewer: Let's add cooperative preemption as a separate item #477

- Cooperative preemption support for workloads that implement checkpointing [#477](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/issues/477)

> - More advanced allocation strategies for better resource sharing [#312](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/issues/312)

Reviewer 2: This is a bit vague, perhaps specifically say: "Tunable flavor assignment to tradeoff cost vs borrowing"

Author: Updated, I thought this was merged already. 🙃

> - More flavor assignment strategies support, e.g. _minimizing cost_ vs _minimizing borrowing_ [#312](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/issues/312)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Flavor assignment strategies support, e.g. _minimizing cost_ vs _minimizing borrowing_ [#312](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/issues/312)
```

Author: updated

> - Integration with common custom workloads [#74](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/issues/74):

Reviewer 3: Why put this in the last place? I think this should be a higher priority.

Reviewer: This is ordered according to our current involvement/capacity. We certainly want this, but there isn't anybody working on it at the moment.

Reviewer 3: Okay, got it. Thank you for explaining this, Aldo.

  - Kubeflow (TFJob, MPIJob, etc.)

>   - Spark

Reviewer: Let's add Ray.io

  - Workflows (Tekton, Argo, etc.)

> ### Long-Term Features

Reviewer: @ahg-g can you think of a better heading here?

These are features that we aim to have in the long-term, in no particular order:

- Multi-cluster support
- Dashboard for management and monitoring for administrators

> - Budget support

Reviewer: maybe on these two it's more realistic to make progress in 2023, as opposed to multi-cluster

Reviewer: I don't think the roadmap needs to contain every possible feature. Just those that are bigger effort.

Reviewer 3: Maybe you can add #28 behind budget support, then if someone want to learn details or background, they can read or ask in that issue.

Author: updated, actually there's no particular order, just a rough plan.

This is a high-level overview of the main priorities for 2023, in expected order of release:

- Job preemption to reclaim borrowed quota and to accommodate high priority jobs [#83](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/issues/83), this is planned for v0.3

> - Cooperative preemption support with checkpoint mechanism [#477](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/issues/477)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cooperative preemption support for workloads that implement checkpointing [#477](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/issues/477)
```

we won't be providing the checkpoint mechanism.

Author: sg.
